Adjust overcloud configuration to match multi-cloud (#366)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_configuring-the-stf-connection-for-the-overcloud.adoc

endif::include_when_13[]
* Retrieve the {MessageBus} route address. For more information, see xref:retrieving-the-qdr-route-address_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

// The following configuration should match the contents in modules/proc_creating-openstack-environment-file-for-multiple-clouds.adoc. If you have changes to make, please make the same changes to both files.
.Procedure

. Log in to the {OpenStackShort} undercloud as the `stack` user.

. Create a configuration file called `stf-connectors.yaml` in the `/home/stack` directory.

> . In the `stf-connectors.yaml` file, configure the `MetricsQdrConnectors` address to connect the {MessageBus} on the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment. The topic addresses for Sensubility, Ceilometer, and collectd are configured here to match the defaults in {ProjectShort}. For more information about customizing topics and cloud configuration, see xref:configuring-multiple-clouds_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the `stf-connectors.yaml` file, configure the `MetricsQdrConnectors` address to connect the {MessageBus} on the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment. You configure the topic addresses for Sensubility, Ceilometer, and collectd in this file to match the defaults in {ProjectShort}. For more information about customizing topics and cloud configuration, see xref:configuring-multiple-clouds_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].
```

          port: 443
          role: edge
          verifyHostname: false
          sslProfile: sslProfile

    MetricsQdrSSLProfiles:
        - name: sslProfile
ifdef::include_when_13[]
          caCertFileContent: |
            ----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----
            <snip>
            ----END CERTIFICATE----
endif::include_when_13[]

    CeilometerQdrEventsConfig:
        driver: amqp
        topic: cloud1-event   # <3>

    CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig:
        driver: amqp
        topic: cloud1-metering   # <4>

    CollectdAmqpInstances:
        cloud1-notify:        # <5>
            notify: true
            format: JSON
            presettle: false
        cloud1-telemetry:     # <6>
            format: JSON
            presettle: false

ifdef::include_when_16[]
    CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel: sensubility/cloud1-telemetry # <7>
endif::include_when_16[]
----
<1> Directly load the collectd service because you are not including the `collectd-write-qdr.yaml` environment file for multiple cloud deployments.
<2> Replace the `host` parameter with the value of `HOST/PORT` that you retrieved in xref:retrieving-the-qdr-route-address_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

> <3> Define the topic for Ceilometer events. This value is the address format of `anycast/ceilometer/cloud1-event.sample`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Define the topic for Ceilometer events. The format of this value is `anycast/ceilometer/cloud1-event.sample`.
```

> <4> Define the topic for Ceilometer metrics. This value is the address format of `anycast/ceilometer/cloud1-metering.sample`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Define the topic for Ceilometer metrics. The format of this value is`anycast/ceilometer/cloud1-metering.sample`.
```

Author: Thanks for the adjustment! This was bothering me too lol

> <5> Define the topic for collectd events. This value is the format of `collectd/cloud1-notify`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> Define the topic for collectd events. The format of this value is `collectd/cloud1-notify`.
```

> <6> Define the topic for collectd metrics. This value is the format of `collectd/cloud1-telemetry`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<6> Define the topic for collectd metrics. The format of this value is `collectd/cloud1-telemetry`.
```

ifdef::include_when_16[]

> <7> Define the topic for collectd-sensubility events. Ensure that this value is the exact string format `sensubility/cloud1-telemetry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> Define the topic for collectd-sensubility events. Ensure that this value is the exact string `sensubility/cloud1-telemetry`.
```

Author: @JoanneOFlynn2018 I think we can adjust this to better match the rest. This is too firm and could be misinterpreted as meaning "must be `sensubility/cloud1-telemetry`. It just needs to follow the same format as we've previously laid out. I believe this is a bit more strongly worded because it's more sensitive to name changes outside of this format.
